test: update accessibility tests (#4564)
Sage/carbon: cypress/README.md

1. Run Storybook `npm start`.
2. Open a new terminal in the root path of the project.
3. Run Cypress using the runner with `npx cypress open` or `npm run test-cypress`, then select the required feature file. Test results can be seen directly in the Cypress Test Runner UI.

> 4. To run specific Cypress tests at the command line (headless browser for continuous integration) use: `npx cypress run --spec 'cypress/integration/[tests-type]/[featureFileName].feature'|.test.js`. Test results can be seen in the console run summary.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. To run specific Cypress tests at the command line (headless browser for continuous integration) use: `npx cypress run --spec 'cypress/integration/[tests-type]/[featureFileName](.feature|.test.js)'`. Test results can be seen in the console run summary.
```

Might not be exactly the right syntax but should be something like that I think

Author: it is not a syntax just to show what we can run :)

Author: updated

Storybook must be running before cypress can run.

1. `npm start` - runs Storybook (regular tests) or run `npx http-server storybook-static -p 9001` to serve `static` folder as a Storybook server for `accessibility` tests (we already had built the static folder so no need to `start` storybook separatelly).
2. `wait-on http://localhost:9001` - waits until Storybook is up and running and is ready to run tests (`CI` only).

### GitHub Actions
1. `cypress.yml`

> - `npx cypress run --browser chrome --parallel -–record --spec './cypress/integration/regression/**/*.feature'` - runs the complete test suite (except `accessibility`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `npx cypress run --browser chrome --parallel -–record --spec './cypress/integration/**/*.feature'` - runs the complete test suite (except `accessibility`).
```

Author: updated
